In this video we're going to go over all the tools and kids you need to make Android apps for this course.
First off you're going to need a Mac or PC.
As long as you're not running a Chromebook or a tablet you'll be just fine.
Now one thing I'll say is that you'll get a massive performance boost if your machine doesn't have a
spinning magnetic disk for a hard drive.
If you've got an SSD then Android studio will run much much faster.
What does Android studio androids do to you is the official development environment that is supported
by Google to make apps for Android will be using Android studio both to write the logic of our apps
as well as to design the look and feel of them.
Now when it comes to running the apps that you've build I recommend running them on a physical Android
device.
But if you don't have one you can always try running them in an emulator as well.
An emulator is a virtual device that's going to be running on your machine but it takes up quite a few
resources.
It doesn't boot up that quickly.
So if you've got a physical phone or tablet that's running Android even a Kindle Fire I recommend using
that instead.